add word break to search ui (#158)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/swift-files-retire.md

---
"@astrojs/starlight": patch
---

> Improve word wrapping for optimal display on smaller mobile screens

Reviewer: Small tweak to explain the search modal context for people reading the changelog.
```suggestion
Fix word wrapping in search modal on narrow screens
```
